.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

<!--- Provide a general summary of your changes in the Title above -->

## Description
<!--- Describe your changes in detail -->

## Motivation and Context
<!--- Why is this change required? What problem does it solve? -->
<!--- If it fixes an open [issue][issues], please link to the issue here -->

## Testing
<!--- Please describe in detail how you tested your changes -->
<!--- Include details of your testing environment, and the tests you ran to -->
<!--- see how your change affects other areas of the code, etc. -->

## Screenshots (if appropriate)

## Types of changes
<!--- What types of changes does your code introduce? Put an `x` in all the boxes that apply: -->
- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to change)
- [ ] Docs(Add new document content)
- [ ] Translate Docs(Translate document content)

## Checklist
<!--- Go over all the following points, and put an `x` in all the boxes that apply -->
<!--- If you're unsure about any of these, don't hesitate to ask. We're here to help! -->
- [ ] My code follows the code style of this project
- [ ] My change requires a change to the documentation
- [ ] I have updated the documentation accordingly
- [ ] I have read the **README** document
- [ ] I have added tests to cover my changes
- [ ] All new and existing tests passed
- [ ] My commit message follows [Conventional Commit Guideline](https://conventionalcommits.org/)

## License
<!--- The SDK is released under the [Apache 2.0 license][license], so any code you submit will be released under that license -->
<!--- For substantial contributions, we may ask you to sign a [Contributor License Agreement (CLA)][cla] -->
<!--- Put an `x` in the below box if you confirm that this request can be released under the Apache 2 license -->
- [ ] I confirm that this pull request can be released under the Apache 2 license

[issues]: https://https://github.com/alexa/ask-sdk-controls/issues
[license]: http://aws.amazon.com/apache2.0/
[cla]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Contributor_License_Agreement

Commit message:

chore: update license info on PR template

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

<!--- Provide a general summary of your changes in the Title above -->

## Description
<!--- Describe your changes in detail -->

## Motivation and Context
<!--- Why is this change required? What problem does it solve? -->
<!--- If it fixes an open [issue][issues], please link to the issue here -->

## Testing
<!--- Please describe in detail how you tested your changes -->
<!--- Include details of your testing environment, and the tests you ran to -->
<!--- see how your change affects other areas of the code, etc. -->

## Screenshots (if appropriate)

## Types of changes
<!--- What types of changes does your code introduce? Put an `x` in all the boxes that apply: -->
- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to change)
- [ ] Docs(Add new document content)
- [ ] Translate Docs(Translate document content)

## Checklist
<!--- Go over all the following points, and put an `x` in all the boxes that apply -->
<!--- If you're unsure about any of these, don't hesitate to ask. We're here to help! -->
- [ ] My code follows the code style of this project
- [ ] My change requires a change to the documentation
- [ ] I have updated the documentation accordingly
- [ ] I have read the **README** document
- [ ] I have added tests to cover my changes
- [ ] All new and existing tests passed
- [ ] My commit message follows [Conventional Commit Guideline](https://conventionalcommits.org/)

## License
- [ ] By submitting this pull request, I confirm that you can use, modify, copy, and redistribute this contribution, under the terms of your choice.

[issues]: https://https://github.com/alexa/ask-sdk-controls/issues
[license]: http://aws.amazon.com/apache2.0/
[cla]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Contributor_License_Agreement
